[DOC] rework documentation (#892)
process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-js: docs/development/bpmn-support-how-to.md

- [Manual Task Detection Pull Request](https://github.com/process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-js/pull/582/files)

### BPMN model update

When changing the model, the image representing the model in the documentation needs to be updated as well.

> The source of the image is stored as a [draw.io file](../architecture/images/architecture/internal-model.drawio).

Author: ```suggestion
The documentation uses the SVG image produced from draw.io file.
This file is stored [here](../architecture/images/architecture/internal-model.drawio).
```

> To update this file

Author: ```suggestion
To update the model
```

> - edit it with https://app.diagrams.net or with the `diagrams.net` desktop application

Author: ```suggestion
- edit [internal-model.drawio](../architecture/images/architecture/internal-model.drawio) with https://app.diagrams.net or with the `diagrams.net` desktop application
```

> - store the modified file in the repository 

Reviewer: I think we need to put the name of the file explicitly.

At the first reading, I didn't understand why you want to store it 2 times. But after I remember we need to store the .drawio file and the .svg file ^^

> - export it as SVG and store it in [the repository](../architecture/images/architecture/internal-model.svg) as well

Author: ```suggestion
- don't forget to export it as SVG and store it in [the repository](../architecture/images/architecture/internal-model.svg) as well
```
